modules/ROOT/pages/process-testing-overview.adoc, before:

= Bonita Test Toolkit

:description: integration test bonita processes applications junit ci continuous integration

Learn how to write and execute integration tests for your Bonita processes to improve the quality and the durability of your developments using the Bonita Test Toolkit. +
Developer skills are required to follow this documentation and, generally, to write process integration tests.

[NOTE]
====
Integrations tests are built upon the Bonita Test Toolkit, based on the open-source https://github.com/bonitasoft/bonita-java-client[Bonita Java Client]. +
The Bonita Test Toolkit is only available for Enterprise, Performance, Efficiency, and Teamwork editions. 
====

== Motivations

In the world of development, writing tests is not an option. It is the best way to ensure that a product fulfills its requirements and that existing features won't be broken by future developments. 

This applies to Bonita processes. For each process, an integration test should be written, to validate that the process executes correctly depending on the inputs, that after each task the platform is in the expected state, and so on.

The Bonita Test Toolkit offers the possibility to write such tests. It performs HTTP calls on the targeted Bonita platform to start and execute cases, and make assertions at any time on the state of the platform, the content of the data... +
It is a Java library and can be integrated with many existing test frameworks like JUnit 5, Spock, Cucumber...etc. 


[WARNING]
====
The Bonita Test Toolkit should only target **non-production** runtime.
====

== Prerequisites

* The library requires **Java 11**
* It is recommended to have a minimal knowledge of https://maven.apache.org/[Maven] and https://junit.org/junit5/docs/current/user-guide/[JUnit 5]

=== Supported runtime version

Only the **enterprise runtime** versions are supported.

Multi-tenancy is not supported.

[%header,cols="1,1"]
|===
|Bonita Test Toolkit 
|Runtime

|1.0.0
|2021.1+++*+++ (Java 11 only), 2021.2+++*+++, 2022.1

|===
+++*+++ There are known limitations with those runtime versions: 

* Sending signals is not supported
* Reading archived tasks or processes variables is not supported
* Timer execution can take more than 30 seconds

== Project Structure

Your Bonita test project can either be a stand-alone project or included in your Bonita project. Our recommendation is to include your tests within your Bonita project


[.card-section]
== Sections

[.card.card-index]
--
xref:installation.adoc[[.card-title]#Installation# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[Install the Bonita Test Toolkit in your development environment]#]
--

[.card.card-index]
--
xref:quick-start.adoc[[.card-title]#Quick start# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[Create a first integration test on a basic process]#]
--

[.card.card-index]
--
xref:bonita-test-extension.adoc[[.card-title]#JUnit 5 extension# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[Discover the Bonita Test JUnit 5 extension to parametrize integration tests]#]
--

[.card.card-index]
--
xref:user.adoc[[.card-title]#Users# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[Manage users in integration tests]#]
--

[.card.card-index]
--
xref:process.adoc[[.card-title]#Processes# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[Manipulate process definitions and instances in integration tests]#]
--

[.card.card-index]
--
xref:task.adoc[[.card-title]#Tasks# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[Execute tasks in integration tests]#]
--

[.card.card-index]
--
xref:contract.adoc[[.card-title]#Contracts# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[Create contracts to start processes or execute tasks]#]
--

[.card.card-index]
--
xref:business-data.adoc[[.card-title]#Business data# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[Retrieve business data from cases or the BDM database.]#]
--

[.card.card-index]
--
xref:variable.adoc[[.card-title]#Variables# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[Retrieve the process variables of a given case]#]
--

[.card.card-index]
--
xref:document.adoc[[.card-title]#Documents# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[Retrieve the documents of a given case]#]
--

[.card.card-index]
--
xref:connector.adoc[[.card-title]#Connectors# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[Get connectors meta information or execution information]#]
--

[.card.card-index]
--
xref:events.adoc[[.card-title]#Events# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[Trigger BPMN events]#]
--

Commit message:

doc(postBeta): changes introduced post beta-01
* Remove options in annotation
* Remove Configuration for extension
* Introduce new API method for `deleteBDMContent` and
`deleteProcessInstances`
* Split `UserTaskPredicates` and `TaskPredicates`
* New `ConnectorState` and `ConnectorActivationEvent`
* Logger configuration
* Project structure

modules/ROOT/pages/process-testing-overview.adoc, after:

= Bonita Test Toolkit

:description: integration test bonita processes applications junit ci continuous integration

Learn how to write and execute integration tests for your Bonita processes to improve the quality and the durability of your developments using the Bonita Test Toolkit. +
Developer skills are required to follow this documentation and, generally, to write process integration tests.

[NOTE]
====
Integrations tests are built upon the Bonita Test Toolkit, based on the open-source https://github.com/bonitasoft/bonita-java-client[Bonita Java Client]. +
The Bonita Test Toolkit is only available for Enterprise, Performance, Efficiency, and Teamwork editions. 
====

== Motivations

In the world of development, writing tests is not an option. It is the best way to ensure that a product fulfills its requirements and that existing features won't be broken by future developments. 

This applies to Bonita processes. For each process, an integration test should be written, to validate that the process executes correctly depending on the inputs, that after each task the platform is in the expected state, and so on.

The Bonita Test Toolkit offers the possibility to write such tests. It performs HTTP calls on the targeted Bonita platform to start and execute cases, and make assertions at any time on the state of the platform, the content of the data... +
It is a Java library and can be integrated with many existing test frameworks like JUnit 5, Spock, Cucumber...etc. 


[WARNING]
====
The Bonita Test Toolkit should only target **non-production** runtime.
====

== Prerequisites

* The library requires **Java 11**
* It is recommended to have a minimal knowledge of https://maven.apache.org/[Maven] and https://junit.org/junit5/docs/current/user-guide/[JUnit 5]

=== Supported runtime version

Only the **subscription runtime** versions are supported.

Multi-tenancy is not supported.

[%header,cols="1,1"]
|===
|Bonita Test Toolkit 
|Runtime

|1.0.0
|2021.1+++*+++ (Java 11 only), 2021.2+++*+++, 2022.1

|===
+++*+++ There are known limitations with those runtime versions: 

* Sending signals is not supported
* Reading archived tasks or processes variables is not supported
* Timer execution can take more than 30 seconds

== Project Structure

A Bonita test project is a stand-alone project than 
can either:

* Be included in a Bonita project (__e.g.__: in a `tests` subfolder) and use the same git repository and versionning for your processes and their tests. 
* Developed in a dedicated project and git repository.

We recommend the first option but you're free to choose what is best for you.

[.card-section]
== Sections

[.card.card-index]
--
xref:installation.adoc[[.card-title]#Installation# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[Install the Bonita Test Toolkit in your development environment]#]
--

[.card.card-index]
--
xref:quick-start.adoc[[.card-title]#Quick start# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[Create a first integration test on a basic process]#]
--

[.card.card-index]
--
xref:changelog.adoc[[.card-title]#Changelog# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[New values, fixes and miscellaneous changes of the version]#]
--
