modules/ROOT/pages/tests-report.adoc, before:

= Tests report
:description: This page provides an explanation of the report generated after running the tests using Bonita Test Toolkit.

Learn about the insights and information presented in the Bonita Test Toolkit report.

A report example can be found in the xref:ROOT:quick-start.adoc#quick-start-report[Quick Start section].

== Purpose of the report

The main purpose of the report is to visualize the process execution,
thanks to the https://github.com/process-analytics/bpmn-visualization-js[bpmn-visualization] library.

This is realized by decorating the process diagrams with:

* Badges on the tasks, showing the number of `Executed`, `Ready/Waiting` or `Failed` tasks
* Highlight of the road followed by process instances (or cases) execution

Additionally, a set of metrics are provided for each test: execution time, duration,...

== How to generate the report

A report (html file) is generated once all the tests of a test file is run.
This report can be found in the `target/bonita-test-reports` directory of your tests.

You can de-activate the report generation by calling the `toolkit.deactivateTestReports()` method.
This won't generate a report for the whole test file (even if it is called in a single test).

=== Multiple process instances and sub-process

If several process instances are launched in a test, a diagram is displayed for each instance.
The process diagram shows a correlation of all the instances.
[NOTE]
To prevent report clutter (during performance testing for instance), only a maximum of 5 process instances will be displayed.

When a diagram includes a sub-process (Call activity), both the process and sub-process are displayed.

== Limitations

In some (very rare) cases, the execution path cannot be computed. +
For instance when there is a transition between 2 events, or when there is a transition between 2 gateways.

Commit message:

Update the deactivate report part page

modules/ROOT/pages/tests-report.adoc, after:

= Tests report
:description: This page provides an explanation of the report generated after running the tests using Bonita Test Toolkit.

Learn about the insights and information presented in the Bonita Test Toolkit report.

A report example can be found in the xref:ROOT:quick-start.adoc#quick-start-report[Quick Start section].

== Purpose of the report

The main purpose of the report is to visualize the process execution,
thanks to the https://github.com/process-analytics/bpmn-visualization-js[bpmn-visualization] library.

This is realized by decorating the process diagrams with:

* Badges on the tasks, showing the number of `Executed`, `Ready/Waiting` or `Failed` tasks
* Highlight of the road followed by process instances (or cases) execution

Additionally, a set of metrics are provided for each test: execution time, duration,...

== How to generate the report

A report (html file) is generated once all the tests of a test file is run.
This report can be found in the `target/bonita-test-reports` directory of your tests.

You can de-activate the report generation by adding the argument `disableReport = true` in the java annotation `@BonitaTests` of your junit test class.
This won't generate a report for the whole test file (even if it is called in a single test).

=== Multiple process instances and sub-process

If several process instances are launched in a test, a diagram is displayed for each instance.
The process diagram shows a correlation of all the instances.
[NOTE]
To prevent report clutter (during performance testing for instance), only a maximum of 5 process instances will be displayed.

When a diagram includes a sub-process (Call activity), both the process and sub-process are displayed.

== Limitations

In some (very rare) cases, the execution path cannot be computed. +
For instance when there is a transition between 2 events, or when there is a transition between 2 gateways.
